README.md, before:

# strict_linking_rs
Enforces the requirement that all functions defined inside your crate's `extern "C"` blocks must be resolved in the final executable.

## Warning

This may significantly increase your build time.

# To use

In your [`build.rs`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html) file add this line to your `main()` function

```rust
strict_linking::init();
```

And then in your `Cargo.toml` file add this

```toml
[build-dependencies]
strict_linking = "0.1"
```

# How does it work?

First, we use `cargo +nightly rustc --profile=check -- -Zunpretty-expanded` to expand macros inside the code for your
crate.  Then we parse that with the [`syn`](https://crates.io/crates/syn) crate, and walk down the syntax tree
recursively, looking for `extern "C"` blocks. We use the information from these to build a linker script, which we'll
then feed into your linker via 
[`cargo:rustc-link-arg`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html#rustc-link-arg).
The linker script uses platform specific flags like
[`/INCLUDE`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/include-force-symbol-references?view=msvc-170)
 and `--undefined` so that the linker will not link successfully if one of those symbols is missing.

Commit message:

Reflect project status more accurately

README.md, after:

# strict_linking_rs
Enforces the requirement that all functions defined inside your crate's `extern "C"` blocks must be resolved in the final executable.

## Warning

This software has not been tested on many systems and is known to be incompatible with some project setups. It's considered to be "In Beta".
Our aim is to be compatible with as much as possible, however linkers are moody and fickle. I welcome issue reports and minimal reproductions.
Additionally, using this may significantly increase your build time.

# To use

In your [`build.rs`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html) file add this line to your `main()` function

```rust
strict_linking::init();
```

And then in your `Cargo.toml` file add this

```toml
[build-dependencies]
strict_linking = "0.1"
```

# How does it work?

First, we use `cargo +nightly rustc --profile=check -- -Zunpretty-expanded` to expand macros inside the code for your
crate.  Then we parse that with the [`syn`](https://crates.io/crates/syn) crate, and walk down the syntax tree
recursively, looking for `extern "C"` blocks. We use the information from these to build a linker script, which we'll
then feed into your linker via 
[`cargo:rustc-link-arg`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/build-scripts.html#rustc-link-arg).
The linker script uses platform specific flags like
[`/INCLUDE`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/include-force-symbol-references?view=msvc-170)
 and `--undefined` so that the linker will not link successfully if one of those symbols is missing.
